[reinvent] optimized extension (#26507)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/serverless/aws_lambda/installation/python.md

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

## Minimize cold start duration

> Version 67+ of [the Datadog Extension][7] is optimized to reduce instrumentation overhead by up to 70%. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version 67+ of [the Datadog Extension][7] is optimized to significantly reduce cold start duration.
```

> If you are noticing any issues, you can force your extension to use the fully compatible, older version of the extension by setting `DD_EXTENSION_VERSION` to `compatibility`. Datadog also encourages you to report any feedback or bugs by adding an [issue on GitHub][8] and tag your issue with `version/next`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you notice any issues, you can force your extension to use the fully compatible, older version of the extension by setting `DD_EXTENSION_VERSION` to `compatibility`. Datadog also encourages you to report any feedback or bugs by adding an [issue on GitHub][8] and tagging your issue with `version/next`.
```
